this is my life and I want to document
it and me filming you Judy happens to be
the only reason I managed to get out of
bed every morning that's the most
romantic thing I've ever even heard
[Music]
maybe you shouldn't film everything I
don't film everything just want some
part
[Music]
Jimmy hey Dad
hey mom I live in a freak show
[Music]
gross there's this guy uncle Rodney he
runs this column you can run around and
get drunk and naked all the time the
truth is an acquired taste
[Music]
this is what life should be as I wanted
to hurt anyone
we set fire to their world get some
money the cups we would like to warn our
viewers that the images you are about to
see may not be suitable for young
children oh my god Jimmy we're gonna get
caught let's get out
you Judy promised always
swallow never cut your hair I'll have
another man's penis injected in their
body about it for as long as you both
shall live
I do
[Music]
very good time
getting us